You said it before and we'll say it again.
Stay close to the phone from 6 to 10.
For New York One, Nancy Lu.
That day I was in the Bronx at Bronx Municipal Hospital
and I saw the tiniest babies I'd ever seen.
And these babies were the size of my hand.
They were absolutely tiny and just holding
on to a thread of life.
But there is a new program going on in the Bronx
and they're training neonatal nurses
to be able to take care of these infants.
It's encouraging.
New York One, because there's only one New York.
Guess what time it is?
When goblins play in ghoul show and dancing ghosts
giggle and glow.
You're up.
Oh!
Yes!
God, she stole it.
Oh!
You
I'm in the mood for the lunch
So give me the taste that goes crunch crunch crunch
Breakfast, you kid, I'm in a cool shape, a big taste
Select the beginner, honey sweet taste, and the milk is taste
Lunchy, bowl after bowl in a taste that gets me funny and round
In my mouth that makes a crunchy sound
Mom yells honey, come, I'm coming down
Come buy a box, honey, taste your candy
Part of this balanced, nutritious breakfast
It's your breakfast, it's your day, day, day, day, day, day
It's guarding the treasure
What's it?
That's it!
You can't get away from it
No, you see!
The game's it from the pit, first one to the treasure wins
But watch out for it
Wow!
You can't get away from it
I win!
Play it
Happy Halloween from Nickelodeon's
Welcome Freshman
Hey! Let me out of here!
Get ready to sit on the edge of your seat
Cause now you're watching Sleep or Treat
Hi!
Hey, this is Albert Carl calling you from Nickelodeon
And we're calling you from this year's Halloween
Haunted House Party Winner
You know what you want, you want a glow-in-the-dark t-shirt from Nickelodeon
And a $10 gift certificate from McDonald's
Hey, what do you think of that?
Okay, and Tommy, what are you gonna be for Halloween?
Aladdin
Hey, alright, and what's the place where only kids win?
Nickelodeon
Hey, are you down with NPP?
NPP stands for No Parents Please
And take it from me
No matter how cool your parents think they are
Sooner or later, they'll stick you in a situation labeled strictly NPP
Like when you run into a cute guy
Hanging out by the popcorn counter
Mom and dad can kill the romance
Before your butter starts to melt
And being called in by the school principal to have a little talk can be bad enough
But the big trouble factor multiplies once you add in parental units
Even though sometimes your parents are necessary
Having them around can spell humiliation, disaster, or both
But fortunately, tonight, I'm home alone
The VCR is rigged
The junk food is stocked
And I'm ready to go
I like to think of this as the perfect NPP experience
Okay, Wardface
Remember when mom and dad are gone, I'm the man of the house
Looks like we've got a long night ahead of us
Now, Marshall, are you sure you don't need an umbrella?
Trust me
Well, the weatherman says, right?
Yeah, well, you know, the weatherman say a lot of things
It is not gonna rain
Well, at least take a coat
Now, Clarissa, when it starts to rain
Be sure to close the windows
Sure, Mom
Ferguson, no more than one hour of television
Certainly, Dad, you know I get ice-train after an hour
And there's tofu casserole in the freezer
Let it thaw and then bake it for 35 minutes at 450 degrees
I know, Mom, I know
It's hard to forget with all these helpful, sticky things you looked around
Come on, honey, we're gonna be late now
You're the guest of honor
It's just the finniest fiddle carp award for outstanding curator
Their museum gives one out every year
Yeah, this year it's for you
Whoa, let's go
Be good
We will
Hey, lock up after some
Can be in bed by 10.30 sharp?
No problem
Bye
Now, remember, this time we're not gonna fight
We're gonna get along no matter what
Oh, hello, little slice of heaven
Yes, I'd like to order one extra large pizza
Oh, make that two extra large pizzas
Extra cheese, extra sauce
Extra everything
And no tofu
Okay, wonderful shadowlain
Thanks, bye
Yes, good going, Ferg
Now, all we have to do is sit back
Watch the videos and wait for the pizza to arrive
Cool, pop him a bit of juice
What is this?
PsychoCop 4, the final shakedown, now available on videocassette
They must have given us the wrong tape
PsychoCop?
Ferg face
Try it, you'll love it
Follow the head-busting adventures of Eddie, Mad Dog, Stalitsky
As he blows away crime-loving dirtbags
And takes back the streets, I'm calling the video store
Trust me, sis, PsychoCop is big entertainment
Only if you have a very little brain
Sis, relax, enjoy, indulge
I'm gonna microwave some popcorn
Why does one night of peace make me want to kill it?
One more step and I waste that shit
Do it, man
Come on
Stop, man
You got rules
Come on
Yeah, nice going, Mad Dog
He'll be screaming that guy out the walls for weeks
Is this too cool or what?
Hey, what'd you do that for?
That was the best part
Dad said one hour of TV and that's it
You must be joking
House rules
We had an agreement
Right, we agreed to watch Beetlejuice
So they gave me the wrong tape, that's not my fault
Give me the remote
No way
You can't make the rules
I'm older
I'm smarter
Then figure out what to do without television benefits, weenie
What does it, turn that tape back on or?
Or what, you're gonna tell Mom and Dad
I wouldn't let you watch two hours of an R-rated movie?
Mark my words, sis
You will regret this
I'm not letting Berg base live this long
Some night in
With all the fun I'm having
Mom and Dad might as well have stayed home
So I resorted to pulling rank
And back me up with blackmouth
At least I got Berg wide away from the tube
I only upstairs moping
But who cares?
I'm warm
I'm dry
All night of TV listings to choose from
Either Freddy Kruger's been reading the entertainment section
Or Mom went on another one of her coupon frenzies
Now, let's see
Climb the stairs
Now what does he think he's doing?
Well, only one way to find out
Keep going
Hey, maybe these aren't from Furgreth
Maybe someone kidnapped Ferguson
Maybe they want ransom
That chance
They probably paid us in the back
Try this room
Berg base, you better be ready to hand over the TV listings
You're gonna be in big trouble
I'm closet
Oh, please
Insult my intelligence a little, why don't you?
I know you're in there
Have a nice long stay
See you later, Furginator
What are you doing in my room?
What are you doing trying to scare me
With your old dead body in the closet trick?
What dead body in the closet trick?
You get me up here with stupid notes
I open the closet, you fall out like a dead body
I scream
What notes?
And how am I supposed to fall out of the closet
When I'm standing right here?
Well, if you're not in the closet, then
Oh, I get it
It's due to Foy to do boogie man
Oh, should I take you in, sis?
Maybe you leave the door open just to crash?
Head up, plus brains
Mom, Dad, there's a big bed, man
In my closet
Get over it, devil boy
I'm not afraid of a closet door
Prove it
Fine
Another big score from the kid from Shadow Lane
I wasn't afraid
Yeah, not much, you weren't
I suppose that was one of the screams of calm
You hear so much about
It looked totally fake
Yeah, protest all you want, sis
In instant photos worth a thousand words
Give that back, or prepare to kiss your teeth combined
In one minute, I'll have the black male photo of a lifetime
You'll never live to see it, it's about
What's the matter, Lightweight?
At a breath already?
You don't want to be down here
Why not?
Because there's something Mom and Dad didn't tell us about
When they bought this house
I'm getting out of here
Wait, what didn't they tell us when they bought the house?
There is buried on some ancient burial ground
Ooh, spooky
That's just a problem
There was no burial
Ha!
Go ahead and laugh
You're young, too young to know about
It
What's it?
Lives down here
But you really wouldn't call it
Alive
Cut it out
Haven't you ever wondered why Mom and Dad got this house
At such a bargain rate?
What are you talking about?
Dad's always complaining about the mortgage
So he says
That way you'll never know about it
Not that I'll believe you
I've said too much already
Come on
Well
Alright
Haven't you ever heard about the hand of Henry Hemmelhocker?
What of Henry? Who?
The janitor at Thomas Tupper Jr. High
Well, at least
He used to be
What happened?
He fell into a vat of toxic waste
Stored in the school's sub-basement
No way
Don't take my word for it
You can look it up in town records
I will
I mean, I won't
I mean, uh
Who cares?
What happened?
His whole body became one big disgusting radioactive lump
He moved into sewers
Feeding off of rats and pigeons
Then
He found Shadow Lane
The house wasn't built yet
It was just an unfinished foundation
I mean, just an unfinished basement?
Exactly
When the workers found him
They freaked
Cut him up into little pieces
Throw away all his parts
Except his hand
And
Nobody ever found it
Ever
So, uh
What's the big deal about it?
Legend has it that the hand landed
In the cement mixture
The very same one used
To build this basement
So?
Once I came down to the basement
I swear I saw fingertips
Well, um
I don't believe it
So, uh, well
You know, kind of like, uh
Let's go upstairs
With us a little more light
Oh, there's nothing to worry about
The hand-to-penery Hamelhocker
Can only claim a victim
On the 7th of the month
And today's the 6th
That's good
So did I use the 7?
Really?
That would explain
It's amazing what Dad's old
Baseball make can do
When properly used
Okay
Things have gotten ugly
In the drawing house
Now that all bets are off
First, Burrface
Tried to rig my room
With water balloons
He not only broke in
He broke a latch in my window
Then things got physical
When we went from
Darling family
Bright night to a full-scale war
Sure, fighting with your brother
Can be fun
But this whole sibling rivalry
Thing is exhausting
Bargasson!
What?
Get in here!
You gonna try to scam me
With the foot of Frederick Fremelbacher?
What?
Here's the way it is
We've gotta stop fighting
Right, sure
We don't have to get along
But we have to see
Some hostilities until
Mom and Dad get home
Why?
You can't take it?
Well, I can't take the thought of you and me
Heading to clean up the mess we'd make together
All right
Shake?
Shake
Oh, by the way
Is this true as retroactive?
Sure, let bygones be bygones
Good
What's this?
Nothing
Bye
This is a page from my diary
I took the liberty of ripping out myself
Lucid Darling and Blake
Winsome together forever
Touching
In the name of peace
I'll let that slide
Good
In the name of peace
I suppose you'll let the fact
That I made 400 photocopies
And placed them strategically
Throughout the school slide
As well
You did what?
Like Mom and Dad said in the 60s
Peace, baby
This church is off
Na na na na na na na
Na na na na na
It's up here
There's more on snakes
So stay right here
Man, I just had the weirdest dream
I was sleeping when my bed started to move
Whoa
There was two kids in
It was huge
I thought you might be hungry
For the dreamy part of this complete breakfast
Kellogg's Fruit Loops
All right
May I pour?
But you didn't stop
That's okay
I had a spoon
I was taking your orange lemon lime
And cherry flavor
Looks like nothing
There's big food everywhere
Then two can bail
Let's catch you later
Oh, no
Aren't dreams weird?
Yes
Upstack Kisora's Picks the Dinosaur
It's Stackosaurus next
The stack them up, whack them out, game
Raise his neck up, disc by disc
The higher you go, the more you risk
Cause Stackosaurus next could fall at any time
Upstack Kisora's Picks the Dinosaur
Now, two can play the games
Of the Super NES Super Skull
Yoshi Safari
And Metal Combat Falcon Revenge
So to prepare yourself
You might want to consider some basic
Training exercises
They go everywhere and they really fly
Racing with no track to hold you back
Impossible
Curves, bumps, spins
You control them
I couldn't believe it
Started when I was about 22, 23
I was practically bald
Men's hair now can make you look like you used to
They've got this dermabond process
It's completely undetectable
My girlfriend doesn't even know about it
It's so easy you don't even have to think about it
I'm more confident now than I've ever been
Now you can have a full head of hair again
With men's hair now
Men and women, if you're losing your hair
Call 1-800-HARE-202 for a free consultation
1-800-HARE-202
Hello darkness, my old friend
I've come to talk with you again
Here slips slide
Paul Simon, 1964-1993
30 years on 3 CDs
You know the nearer your destination
More, your slips slide
College with Coombs Bronx, right in your neck
You want more of sneak-scary tales
How do these things work anyway?
I don't know, you're the one who blew the fuse
The lightning blew the fuse, Ferg-Lod
Probably the short wire, the one in your brain too
I tried that one
Okay
All right sis, maybe you're right
We should stop fighting until mom and dad get home
Not that I'm scared, but you know
Things can get out of hand and we're too mature for that
Uh huh
And how you made it
I didn't really make 400 copies of your little love doodle
That's good for you
What was that?
What was what?
Don't tell me you didn't hear that
Don't tell me you expect me to fall for another one of your lame old tricks
What trick?
Do it!
Me neither did I
Well then there's somebody at the door
Oh great, you go answer it
Why should I?
You're younger
You're older
Well then just take a look at the peephole
No way
Fine, it can't hurt to just take a look, right?
Need help?
Yeah, give me a lift
Well, who is it?
There's nobody there
What do you mean there's nobody there?
There's gotta be somebody there
I'm not willing for my own dead body gang
Watch your open in a couple of pillows with the hat flows out
Like so
You can't even rig the pillows right
Hey, where do those muddy footprints come from?
Oh don't expect me to fall for that, you put them there
When when I was downstairs with you I couldn't have done it
Well if you couldn't have done it
Then I couldn't have done it
Then who did it?
Great
Either Ferguson's a practical joke genius
Or we have a very unwanted guest
No one's gonna break into this house
The only other way in is by
Everything secure in my room
It's my stuffed dragon
You still have that?
I only put them along to kind of scare away any trespassers trying to get into the house
It's very effective
Look, just give me a hand with the latch
What's in it for me?
You and your dragon get to live your lives in privacy
If you know what I mean
You're not gonna tell anybody in school this, will you?
You mean about your close personal relationship with the stuffed animal?
It doesn't matter, I happen to be a master of spin control
Chill, lean brain, I won't tell them
Just help me with the windows
Don't worry sis
Fortunately you've got my cool mind at work here
Nobody's trying to break into this with
What?
Well I'm not gonna care
Oh you're right
Wait a second
Samson Colorado can't be with his dad
Then who was that with the ladder?
Go look
You go look
I opened the door
I pushed him over
Oh, okay
We have to lock up
You get the left side, I'll get the right
Now
Okay, we can't keep doing this forever
We need a plan
All right sis
Don't worry, I got it all figured out
You've heard of the blind
Leaving the blind get ready to meet the dweeby
Leaving the petrified
Okay
You sure we locked every lock now?
Positive, we're bolted
Sis, this is something I didn't think
I'd ever have to share with you
But it looks like the time has come
My secret laboratory
Here we have a stunning array
Of superior surveillance products
And tactical retaliation weaponry
I can't believe you have all this stuff
Hey, there's a spring loader
You try to fit my closet once
Yes, four pints of month old yoga
We're supposed to fly out and hit you
Too bad about the technical difficulties
Then here's that voice activated fly swatter
Yeah, only it worked
Ferguson
What good is this gonna do
None of this stuff actually worked ever
We have to make a completely new mechanism
A total booby trap that'll make whoever wants to come into the house
Never want to come back again
Okay, I'm with you
Here's the catch
To get this guy out of the house
We first have to let him into the house
Let's do it to it
Scared?
Yeah
Me too
Ferguson, let's make a pact
If we live through this
Let's make sure we never fight again
Okay
First let's make sure we live through this
Here's the plan
We turn out the lights
Unlock the back door
Then stockpile the supply of the elastic
Projectile units
What they call balloons
Whatever
We follow with the test of the tensile defense activator
Uh-huh
And then top it all off with the latest development
And slinky security
What do we do
We're here and hiding total terror until it goes away
Good plan
What are you doing calculating our odds for survival
No, I was just thinking
If we stop whoever's trying to get into our home
There might be big bucks in a patented
Frugalert home security system
Good boy, too
If we don't live long enough to spend it
Sis, don't worry
Nobody can get through the patented
Paint-filled water balloons we set up back there
It's still coming
I don't know if the racket we rigged up will work
Tweet us and the man in the kitchen
If he gets through the slinky trap
That doesn't come on
Honey
Ah, yeah, well, hey Janet, you were right
I should have brought my umbrella
Oh, I can't believe it
My gadgets finally actually worked
What happened?
Well, we were trying to call when the phone lines went down
I got worried
So I stayed at the museum and your father went ahead
I lost my keys
I slipped in the mud
I tried the back door
I tried the front door
And that ladder is very unreliable
Sorry about that, dad
But you do look kind of funny
I bet I do
Dad, are we in trouble
Am I a burglar?
No
Then you're in trouble
Someday they'll be sorry
What's that, another rejection letter from the young Republicans?
The patent office
They said the furgle and harm security system is not sufficiently reliable
Not sufficiently reliable
Let's ask dad about that, shall we?
Hey, Rome wasn't patented in a day
I'm telling you
Bring an umbrella
But Marshall, we don't need one
Janet, you can never be too careful with the weather's concern
Trust me
Hey, where are you guys going?
Just to the supermarket, sport
How long will you be gone?
Oh, we'll be gone about an hour
Oh, take me with you
What a sudden interest in groceries, Burgess
Well, you know, it's important to get out of the house every once in a while
I couldn't agree more
Have fun
Bye
Bye-bye
Yes, home alone at last
Sneak or treat continues now with the macabre myth
Of dad for a Caesar feat
Impeccably performed by the gang at the roundhouse
Each and every one of them standing by
To pour their heart out to you
Literally
Next on Sneak or treat
This explains it all was taped at Nickelodeon Studios
Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida
Okay, press record and
We're rolling
Clarissa Darling presents
Somewhere else
Okay, we're just about ready, everyone
Is talent ready?
Ready, director
My costume itches
Be a trooper, Ferg face
Special effects ready?
Ready
Monster ready?
Then let's do it
Lights, camera
It came from somewhere else, take one
And action
Now the time has come
For my creature, my creation
To run interest rates rise
Financial security is more important than ever
Why not call Ferguson Darling for a fast
It came from somewhere else, take two
And action
Now the time has come
For my creature, my creation
To rise, rise
It came from somewhere else, take three
And action
Now the time has come
Samuel are you
Came from somewhere else, take four
And action
Now the time has come
For my creation to run
Is that what you had in mind, sport?
Not exactly, dad, but I have to say
That was truly horrifying
But thank you everybody
This has been a Clarissa Darling production
The next new call might be for you
This is the Micro Machines battle tank
When it stops rolling, the battle gets going
Because it transforms into a secret military base
For Micro Machines
The battle begins with a direct hit
But these troops and tanks plan a counterattack
And take out the bridge in a convoy of enemy vehicles
Yeah, the battle's done for today
You can pack her up and take it away
New Micro Machines battle tank
You put it together, vehicles and figures sold separately
If kids like me were running the world
I'd finally have my own room
And no one but my friends would be allowed to come in
Because I'd have a special lock put on my door
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set
With the ozone layer
And to cure that thing that happens to your head
When you eat ice cream too fast
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack
I'll just go downstairs
Because I'm having a Mickey D's
But on the back of our house
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy
Whenever we want
Jonathan Edward Moore
Pipe down or you'll be sent to your room
Excellent
Hey, it can happen
Where did you get that from?
For hours you've been studying statistics
And you feel you're about to become one
Into the seeds
You're mistaken here
What is the probability of drawing a load of marble?
Since Twix gives you chewy caramel
Twice, milk chocolate, twice
And that cookie crunch, twice
We get one great snack
I don't want to go to summer school
After another
That's really getting me
Let me see
Hey!
This is Alfred and Steve Moore calling you
And we're calling you from this year's
Halloween house party winner
When you want to go on a dark t-shirt from Nickelodeon
And a $10 gift certificate
Yay!
Alright
And what are you going to be for Halloween, right?
And where's the place that only kids win?
Nickelodeon?
Nickelodeon
Saturday, 8.30 p.m.
Submitted for your approval
Suddenly the lights go out
And an entire cast is gripped in fear
Why?
Because they're a bunch of lily-livered
Sniveling weenies
That's why
We all have to deal with fear
Some fears are imagined
Haha!
I'm not going to get me walking under a ladder
Too dangerous
Whoa!
Other fears are very real
Grandma, are you going to be in the bathroom all day?
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt once said
We have nothing to fear, but fear itself
Obviously Franklin never went to a public school
This is just a reminder
About the backwards dance next Friday
What are you guys afraid of?
I don't want to dance backwards
Hello, backwards brain
Don't you know what it is?
It's when the girl asks a guy for the date
Deja vu
Who are you?
I'm your fear
Get used to it
I'm always here
Hey, what up, you already?
Get ready for the ride of your life
Enter a fantasy word where you call a boy
And experience a phone conversation
Of nightmarish, mind-bending reality
Arnold Scheißenhausen stars as
The boy you want to ask to the dance in
Total reject
Cathy
Who?
I sit behind you in science class
Someone sits behind me
I'm the girl with the beautiful brown eyes
I'm the girl who threw up last week
In the cafeteria in front of the whole school
Oh, yes, yes, yes
Now I remember you, the buff girl
Yes, yes
Yeah, well, that was me
So I was wondering if you might want to go to
The backwards dance with me
Somebody else already asked me
Really?
No
So you'll think about it?
Yes
You mean it?
No
So you have other plans?
Yes, I plan to wait till someone else asks me
Hasta la vista, baby
Total Scheißenhausen, total loser
Total reject
Take chances, play it safe
Yeah, I see what I mean
I decided I'm not going to the dance at all
Well, that's too bad
Because we heard Chip Davis was hoping you
Would ask him
I don't care if it was Marky Mark
I just, oh my god
The class clown
Hey, babes, what's up?
My nose
I'm Dr. Larita Curran
Being funny means being popular, I should know
When I was in high school, I was a pistol
Now you too can learn to be a laugh riot
By enrolling in class clown training school
Learn the art of making funny faces
Behind people's backs
This one's a hoot
Study techniques and simulating bodily functions
Uh-huh, that's funny
Trust me, nothing produces more gaty than fake flatulence
You'll also learn the proper way to produce a gumbuga
Oh-ho, that gumbuga routine kills me
Class clown training school
Because only a clown can turn a frown
Upside down
You know what, these are erasers
Do principal bows, do principal bows
It's just a reminder
Hey, which way's the nurse's station?
He's like, actually thinking of asking someone else out
And presents you, make the call
Bill Fleming is sitting in our very abstract cafeteria
When he notices that his best friend, Mason McGooey
Has a small piece of food caught in his braces
You make the call
Should Bill A, ignore it
Thinking perhaps he's the only one that notices it
So I saw this serious geek wearing these total flood water pants, man
B, try to communicate to his friend
Through subtle hints and hand gestures
So if you ever see me wearing flood water pants
Shoot me, man, just shoot me
Or C, tell him in a polite and discreet way
You make the call
May I have your attention, please
Who's everybody, Mason McGooey
B, you were correct
Because even though Mason was fully embarrassed
The most important thing was everyone had a good laugh at his expense
Did I get it? Nope, it's still there
I'm in
Mason McGooey is the mayor of Dweeb City
Yeah, he's like way worse
He's like the governor of this town somewhere
I don't know
I think he's kind of cute
Excuse me, did you just say Mason McGooey is cute
Or do I have a big, huge sphere of wax in my ear
Yeah, like can we even hear?
Kathy, Kathy, there's Chip
Now's your chance
See the moment
Yeah, or you could like ask him to the dance
Welcome to the life Vegas casino, sweetheart
Where you could win the date of your dreams
With Chip Davis, cool dude and class clown extraordinaire
Come on, honey, take a chance
How much to play?
You can risk as much or as little rejection as you want, little lady
I'll risk it all
To the backwards dance with me
That sounds great, not too bad
Better luck next time if there is a next time
I don't understand, I thought he wanted to go with me
I don't want to say I told me so, but I told me so
Tough break
Look, just ask somebody else
Forget it, I don't care if Marky Mark and Joey Lawrence wanted to go with me
I'm not going to that stupid dance
Now I'm talking
Now if we disappear, there's more on the snakes
So stay right here
Wow
Boodles just got smaller, they're mini-kaboodles
They're kaboodle cool
With my mini-kaboodles fashion design set
I can draw awesome styles
This mini-kaboodles hides a bubbly surprise
And here's looking at you.
This one gives you real lip gloss and a mini mirror too.
Mini kaboodles are kaboodles' crew.
Kaboodles!
Mini kaboodles, square them as an eggless.
Find the surprise inside, each sold separately.
Now, you can play the games of the Super Enius Super Scope,
Yoshi Safari, and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself, you might
want to consider some basic training exercises.
Covered with goosebumps biting your nails?
Guess you want more of Sneak Scary Tail.
And Kathy said she's not going to go,
because she's a friday cat, friday cat.
Wonder where her mommy's at.
Bear, let's get back to class.
Number 340.
OK, class, let's see how much you know.
Here's a little pop quiz on everything
you've learned in the last eight years.
Come on!
Secret scare.
Everyone sit in alphabetical order.
Let's see.
We have two John Smiths, so we'll just go by middle names.
OK, which of you is John Aquanetta Mary Smith?
Huh?
Sorry to interrupt your class, but I
found your smuffet baby knapsack.
It was buried underneath the house.
Now, how do you suppose it got there?
From the director who brought you raging bully
in the last temptation of cafeteria lady,
comes the most horrifying motion picture
in school history, Scrape Fear.
Class, who would like to come up and erase the chalkboard?
Mm-hmm.
Let's see, little Bobby De Niro Jr. over there.
How about you?
Me?
You talking to me?
I'm not the only kid here.
Yes, why don't you give it a try?
Oh, it's still there.
Man, he's still got a spot left.
Ah, man.
Loser, thy name is a Mason.
Yeah, he has like the same name
that like stupid people have.
Well, I think he's nice.
Didn't I learn my lesson?
Do I want to get hurt again?
I'm right.
I'd rather have a root canal than ask a guy to dance.
You've got an appointment with the most obnoxious dentist
on the planet, Dentist Leary.
He's got a smirk for causing pain
and a smock for catching flying.
Hey, you.
Yeah, you.
Your x-rays don't look too good.
I'm talking plaque.
I'm talking gingivitis.
I'm talking rotten stinkos where your baby teeth used to be.
I got two words for you, root canal.
Two more words, severe pain.
Two more words, try blisterine.
Yeah, I'm scraping plaque.
I'm causing pain, and I'm expecting you
to make small talk with your mouthful.
Spit.
Oh, man, I think there's a disgusting line of drool
hanging out of your mouth, and I think I'm going to puke.
Hey, pal, remember Mr. Happy Tooth?
He's dead.
Get over it.
Open wide.
I think you hear me drilling, and I think I'm coming in.
I need your advice.
Not right now, sweetie.
I am creating a completely new category of jello.
Go ask your father.
Gima, I hate to say this, but Dad's
no Albert Einstein.
Oh, Einstein this, Einstein that.
You know, they talk about this Einstein
like he was some kind of genius or something.
I'll have you know your father's every bit as smart
as that Einstein fella, and what's more, his hair stays down,
hm?
Just think of all of the profound things
that your dad has taught you over the years.
And now, Dad's deep thoughts by any dad that's handy.
When I say OK, I mean maybe.
When I say maybe, I mean no.
When I say no, I mean no.
Of course I respect your opinion.
I shut up and listen.
You got two choices.
Either I'm right or you're wrong.
See, King Solomon and a lazy boy.
Well, actually, he wasn't that much help.
What, when you were my age, did you have fears?
Oh, goodness, sweetheart.
When I was your age, I hated to go to bed.
You see, I was convinced that there was this horrible,
hairy creature under my bed just waiting for me to fall
asleep so that he could staple me to the headboard
and suck the fluid out of me.
Well, well, well, nighty night.
Kind of describing our new deluxe television receiver.
Unless I miss my guess, you've got a batch of questions.
Nope, just one question.
How do they cram all that gram?
Yeah, into golden grams.
How do they cram all that gram cracker taste?
Into golden grams and still have room for the honey
that makes them mull yet.
Spectacular.
Golden grams are part of this complete breakfast.
One last question, Harold.
Yeah, my question.
How do they cram all that gram?
Hey!
Welcome to The Light Show,
where we discover the brightest stars of the future.
That's here for Loomisketch and Sparkle Lights.
Okay, Loomisketch, headlight, brilliant.
Sparkle Lights, light-hearted, dazzling, night-light,
very bright, lightning-striking.
Well, audience, Loomisketch.
Sparkle Lights, light-hearted, dazzling, night-light,
Sparkle Lights, they are both brilliant.
Ohio Arts, Loomisketch, and Sparkle Lights.
Each sold separately, batteries not included.
Presenting the Fisher Price 3-in-1 tournament table.
Breakfast is ready.
One more ball, Mom.
Where a simple game of pool is just the beginning.
Time for lunch.
Soon it explodes into an all-out tournament
with table tennis balls flying.
Dinner's ready.
And a glide hockey game so fast and furious.
Good night, boys.
There's no telling how long you'll play.
One more.
The Fisher Price 3-in-1 tournament table.
Table tennis hockey pool.
Batteries not included.
Covered with goosebumps biting your nails.
Guess you want more of Snick's scary tale?
Hi, from Hollywood, California.
Snick's snack, because it's a roundhouse attack.
We gotta pick up the slack.
The next act for the roundhouse crew for you.
If Lila's won't give up, whatever we do,
it's got to be fun.
Oh, shock, you're body rocking.
Bigger popping, never stoppin', always stoppin',
never going in, girl, it's sick.
We're gonna smooth it out, we got the cloud.
No doubt, peace is the sand we got.
Nestled in the protective bosom of your family,
you feel warm and secure.
But even here, fear can rear its ugly head or feet.
Hey, honey, how about a foot rom?
You let him use those bear claws for the good of mankind,
presenting dad-word scissor feet.
Hey, dad, I can't find the scissors.
What?
And I can't do a thing with my hair.
Honey, I need help with my project for the PTA.
Wow, dad-word scissor feet.
Now you won't run away when dad says.
Come here while I caught a few.
My chair.
Dream on, I was here first.
No, I was there first before you were there first, now move.
Yeah, make me.
I can't, you're a girl.
Ooh, if I only had some sort of judicial recourse
in this, my darkest hour.
Good afternoon, everyone.
I'm Doug Suellin, and welcome to another edition
of the Sibling Squad.
This is a defendant, Kathy Inikid.
She refuses to get out of this chair,
claiming she was there first.
This is a plaintiff, her little brother, Jeff Inikid.
He counters that he was there first
and called to Saves before getting up for a snack.
He is suing for a repossession of the chair.
And this is the case of the minor recliner.
All right, the crusty judge, dad, presiding.
Kids will want you to know that I haven't read
your complaints because I couldn't care less
about your silly little argument.
Well, if it pleases the dad, I'd like to cite Kid Law, page 598.
If you leave a chair to get some cheese puffs or something
and you call Saves, then no one can sit in that chair
because it's not fair.
Duh, every kid knows that, but you didn't call Saves.
It's so lame, brain.
I know you are, but what am I?
Objection, kid code 618.
If you're past the age of 12, you can no longer utilize the,
I know you are, but what am I, defense?
Yeah, well, you got cooties.
Duh, cootie shots forever.
Well, erase.
I called no erases earlier.
You want to request a recess?
Hey, I thought you kids might like to split some drooling.
You want to, I request a line judge.
OK, a little more here, a touch in there, one here, OK, even.
All right, look, look, the dad has reached a decision.
Adults code 957, find his keepers loses weepers.
Court adjourned.
These more stars in Mrs. Quinn, pizza delivery woman.
She is bringing pepperoni to the plains.
I'll get it to you in 30 days,
so it's absolutely free.
Tonight on Unsolved Puzzles, we unlock the mystery.
Don King, troll, not a troll.
We also answer the burning question.
Billy Ray Cyrus, hick, not a hick.
Esmeralda's greatest blue-singin',
boss-willin', blind bachelors, ba-ba-ba-bark!
Tonight on America's Least Wanted,
we'll be looking at you, Kathy Anikin,
who couldn't get a date if your life depended on it.
Today on the hopeless riff-ree show,
we'll be talking to girls who had to go to the dance
with relatives.
Kathy stays at home by herself today
on the young and the date-less.
Hi, I'm Phil, turned down at you.
No, no, no, come on, come on, isn't there some guy
somewhere in America desperate enough
to take Kathy to the dance?
Um, Quasimodo, uh, Jump of the Hunt,
Kathy Anikin, uh, Slug.
Oh, thank you.
OK, um, Bobby, uh, Ronnie, um, Danny,
uh, Mike, Kathy, can't even get a date with a Ferengi.
Tonight on Star Trek, the next rejection.
The competition is fierce tonight on American Kathy Dater!
I'm not gonna date her, you date her!
And the rest of the semester with food on my face.
Talk about embarrassing!
Oh, man, here he comes.
I'm gonna ask him to the dance.
I'm not gonna ask him to the dance.
Look at the bright side, kid.
I always have me.
Your terrace ahead of us.
Well, I said yes.
And another thing.
You said yes.
Yes.
So I will give you the...
Me to the dance.
Oh, hey, that's great!
So I guess I'm supposed to buck up for a new dress, huh?
No, I'll just wear an old one.
Well, I think you'd look a lot better
in this little number here.
Oh, it's beautiful!
It must have cost a fortune.
Yeah, yeah, it did.
Yeah, yeah, well, uh, no, no, actually, uh,
truth be told, I made it.
With my own two feet!
Listen, it's not easy working with fine Irish lace
when you got bunions.
Oh, Dad, I don't know what to say.
Oh, yeah, you do.
Reprise the theme song and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down,
I know I can go to the gallows on that ramp.
And when the music keeps playing,
you know what I'm saying.
I know that I can find a friend.
Nick or treat could never be sneak or treat
without that fearless feline, that dog gladiator,
that unfleppable duo, Ren and Stimpy.
As the sneak or treat continues to treat you
to an eyeful of pre-Halloween programming
coming up next week.
Just hang on, OK?
More!
It looks like a lot of people watching.
That's good enough.
You said it before, and we'll say it again.
Stay close to the phone from 6 to 10.
For New York One, Michael O'Looney.
I did one recently about a guy up in Harlem
who owns a shoe store.
It's called Solomon Iron Eagle Shoes.
He actually makes the shoes here in Harlem.
And it's kind of the really American dream
because he came over from Jamaica about 10 years ago,
saved all his money, worked in a shoe store over here,
and then he saved his money, opened his own place,
and then he came back to New York
and he saved his money, opened his own place.
Someone might sit along the way and say,
if he's doing it, I can do it too.
He's up in Harlem, and he's getting by,
and he's doing well, and they love him up there.
New York One, he made his dreams come true
because there's only one New York.
Hello, darkness, my old friend.
I've come to talk with you again.
His lips lighten.
Paul Simon, 1964, 1993, 30 years on three CDs.
You know the nearest destination, boys.
To next, the new snap-together, color-coded construction set.
Now, you can play the games of the Super NES Super Scope,
Yoshi Safari, and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself, you might
want to consider some basic training exercises.
Happy Halloween from Nickelodeon's Welcome Freshman.
Hey, let me out of here.
Hey, all right, Micah.
We're calling you from the Nicker Tree,
this year's Nicker Tree Halloween Party.
This is Alphacard and Willis Green.
Seymour calling you.
Do you know what you want?
You want a T-shirt from Nickelodeon,
a Gologna Dr. T-shirt, and a $10 gift certificate, $10.
What do you think of that?
It's blue.
You got a B for Halloween, Micah?
Ninja.
A ninja, all right.
And where's the place only kids win?
Nickelodeon.
Great place to kill 12 minutes.
You said it, pal.
Oh, boy, some hapless victims.
I can hardly wait to scare the veins out of them.
Watch me put on my most hideous grimace.
Excuse me, I must go freshen up.
Calls for the direct approach.
Say, what's this?
I know.
It's a wood-burning stove.
Watch, if you dare.
Shouldn't chug a strange people's dishes.
I'm hungry, Ren.
Yeah, me too.
I can sure go for a sandwich.
Yeah, a sandwich.
Hide in this bread.
Watch how we put on it.
How about peanut butter?
And marmalade?
Vichy.
Fish.
Jewel.
You selfish pig.
You would eat all of it.
I'm sorry.
Think of all those starving yaks out there
that would kill for a meal like that.
Man!
Oh, my father.
Thank you.
Take that.
What's he doing, Ren?
A yak always tenderizes his food before he eats it.
I'm pushed, old friend.
Me too.
Let's go up and wet the bed.
Sure.
I wonder where it is.
Maybe up those hideous stairs.
How's my chance?
It's so cozy here.
I'm going to sleep like the dead.
And don't you come back until you take a shower.
Now, for a brutal display of pointless gut-wrenching terror.
Happy joy, joy, happy, happy, joy, joy, happy, happy.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Happy, happy, joy, joy, joy, joy, joy.
Happy, happy, joy, happy, happy, happy, happy.
Don't forget to wash where the sun don't shine.
Oh, yeah.
It's a good thing I'm already dead.
Oh, the poor helpless fools, how I pity them.
This bloody head cat gets them every time.
Hush, hush, hold still now.
Get it out.
I got it.
It's all right, it's all right.
It's just a couple of dimes.
Dimes?
What does it mean?
You've just been visited by the bloody head fairy.
I've had it with this child's play.
I'm going to end this the only way it can end.
With me, the winner.
He got you.
Look, Ren, a tricker-treater.
He's come to visit us.
Isn't he a cute little rascal?
Happy Halloween.
Look, fellas, I'm a ghost.
I've been trying to scare you guys all through this picture.
But I'm a failure.
I'm a failure.
I couldn't even scare a paranoid schizophrenic.
Oh, come on, try again.
We'll do better, I promise.
Don't patronize me.
It's no use.
There's only one thing left to do.
I'm going to end it all.
Sweet Lord, no.
Are you crazy, man?
You can't do that.
Here, do this.
What a blast.
I'm alive.
Killer.
I'll see you on the next shot.
Ah!
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
And if you dance up here, there's more on Snicks of State right here.
Small kangaroos, or wallabies, are known to live on their own.
Their natural habitat is a scrub for dense thickets.
Observe this rare Rocco specimen in his Nickelodeon environment
every Sunday in Rocco's modern life at 11.30, 10.30 Central,
only on Nickelodeon.
Ever seen a soccer pal before?
It'll help you practice technique
over and over without having to chase the ball all over.
It even comes with illustrated instructions.
Practice with a soccer pal, and it's
going to be a whole new game.
Soccer pal, it turns players into stars.
Available at soccer equipment retailers nationwide.
Man, I just had the weirdest dream.
I was sleeping when my bed started to move.
Whoa, that was too kid-safe.
It was huge.
I thought you might be hungry for the dreamy part
of this complete breakfast.
Kellogg's Fruit Loops.
All right.
May I pour?
But you didn't stop.
That's OK.
I had a spoon.
I was digging near Orange Lemon Lime and Cherry Flavor
which suddenly was paid to food everywhere.
Then two came down.
Catch you later.
Oh, no.
Ah!
Aren't dreams weird?
Yes.
When my OJ first started traveling,
I said, call me from the airport, collect.
But the price I was paying.
Well, now, OJ dials 1-800-collect.
These days, we talk more often than ever.
OJ.
1-800-collect.
Dial it instead of zero the next time you call someone collect.
Oh, I'm getting low.
Magic-feeding baby, it's lunch time for you.
How about macaroni?
Yummy.
Press the buttons on our magic spoon
and magic-feeding baby stands.
Yummy.
More.
Yuckie.
And even.
Let's try something new.
Your vegetables.
So hungry.
I got it.
Magic-feeding baby comes with plate of food
and magic spoon with four sounds, batteries included.
Twizzlers.
I love it when it twizzles.
Covered with coombs from spiking your nails.
Guess you want more of Sneak Scary 10.
Guys look big and mean.
I think they want to hurt us.
Don't worry, Steampie.
This is all pretend.
Now that the really gets hurt, the match is rigged.
We can't lose.
We are the good guys.
You mean it's just a game?
And we're just pretending to fight?
T-T-Steampie, leave these ruffians to me.
Fun with a nice, mean man.
Watch me put my famous sleeper-hole on it.
What's the play with you?
I wouldn't think of depriving you of such a good time.
Gee, Ren, you're such a pal.
Always thinking of me first.
In the charette it looks like loaf is going to administer
a taste of the awful.
The insidious.
Flying butt-players.
Some thoughtless.
Here I am, doing all the playing.
While my poor pal Ren sits all alone
with no one to play with.
Now it's your turn to play.
Now play now.
Believe me, what do you think about losing the match?
We louts are angry.
We are sore.
Mad dog and killer, jean head.
Next time we see you guys, it'll be in the street.
We'll break your bones.
We'll grind your end up, buddy.
We'll turn your faces off.
You haven't heard the last of us.
This is war.
We are generals.
You are the enemy.
Beware, mad dog.
Beware, killer.
We know where you live.
We know where you're from.
There you have it, an hour away from the winners.
Mad dog, you've heard the nasty, brutal things
Lof said about you.
How do you respond to this?
Well, actually, I feel that...
Oh, no!
I want to holler the loud, funny words.
I like Darren.
He is my friend.
I like you and him.
He likes me.
Stay tuned for snickertreeds,
finer show, the only show Taylor made for Halloween.
Are you afraid of the dark?
And tonight is the tale of the dream machine.
So don't fall asleep or something terrible will happen.
You will miss it.
It's to the bone from six to ten.
Now, you can play the games of the Super NES Super Skate.
Yoshi Safari and Metal Combat Falcon Revenge.
So to prepare yourself,
you might want to consider some basic training exercises.
I went to look for the guys on foot that Saturday.
My old bike just didn't cut it anymore.
Nobody anywhere.
I kept hearing this sound.
Brother, the world was shut down.
Sorry, I don't know where they went.
Where was everybody?
Dad pulled in, then I saw it.
Motor science, they'll draw a crowd and leave it behind.
Welcome to The Light Show,
where we discover the brightest stars of the future.
That's here for Loomisketch and Sparkle Lights.
Okay, Loomisketch had lights, brilliance,
Sparkle Lights, light-hearted, dazzling, nightlife,
very bright, lightning, striking.
Well, audience, Loomisketch, Sparkle Lights,
they're both brilliant.
Ohio Arts, Loomisketch and Sparkle Lights
sold separately, batteries not included.
If kids like me took over the world, there wouldn't be any school.
Better yet, we'll keep school, but it won't really be like school.
Our favorite classes will be gym, recess, and marine biology,
where we'll learn how to save the whales.
As long as we're changing the world, let's change the name to Mick World,
because McDonald's will be the official food.
We'll take all-day field trips to Mickey D's,
which random crutchmer will never go on,
but he'll be in permanent detention.
He picked on me and social studies.
And, you know, I'll say a cool gym teacher for once.
Game of horse.
Hey, that could happen.
Hmm.
Nick or three?
We're calling you from this year's Halloween
Haunted House Party winner, Anne Walter.
This is Alfred Carr.
Do you know what you won, Walter?
And I'm gonna tell you what you won.
You won a glow-in-the-dark t-shirt
and a $10 gift certificate for McDonald's.
What do you think of that?
Pretty good.
Cool, huh?
All right.
And where's the place that only kids win?
Nickelodeon.
Yeah.
All right, Walker.
It's about time.
Where were you?
I'm hiding my story.
Are you sick?
Laryngitis.
Yo, I don't want your germs.
What is that?
A typewriter.
I found it in the attic.
Should have left it in the attic.
Hey, it works.
I typed my story on it.
What for?
Because my throat's killing me
and I don't want to tell it.
Can you read out loud for me?
Uh, I'm not sure we've-
we've never done that before.
Go ahead, Garrett.
Be crazy.
Throw away the rules.
Start from the top.
Yeah, I figured that.
Writing a story down on paper
is very different than telling it out loud.
When a story's on paper,
you can feel it.
You can see it.
And others can read it as well.
But beware,
for once a story's written
it no longer belongs to the author
but has a life of its own.
And for some stories,
that can be a very dangerous life.
Indeed.
You submit it for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story
The Tale of the Dream Machine.
Now it is the time of night
that the graves all-
Sean Hackett had one passion in life.
Right.
Actually, he had two passions.
Writing and Jennifer Johnson.
Every other story in Sean's notebook was about her.
But Jennifer only thought of him as a friend.
Too bad.
I am sent with broom before
to sweep the dust behind the door.
Great story.
I was moved.
Hang on, hang on.
Your assignment is to write a short story.
Your topic, but it's got to be at least
two pages long.
Now, go in.
Oh man, sorry.
It's okay.
Swap door for feet there, Romeo.
What are you going to do next?
Run her down with your bike?
I think she likes me.
Yeah, right.
Bet she can't wait till you get your driver's license
so you can hit her with a car.
Ha ha ha ha.
This place is a disaster.
I know my parents thought they were getting this great deal,
but they spent a fortune from keeping it from falling down.
The place is creepy.
Remind me not to come over if you like thunderstorms or something.
Uh oh.
You got a detour?
Oh no.
How am I supposed to get up to my room?
How dangerous could it be?
Be careful, the stairs are cut.
Ah!
Rotten.
Thanks.
Wait a minute.
Joe, what's down there?
Oh, I'll get a flashlight.
Oh, it's like a secret stash.
October 13th, 1932.
The new mystery novel by the late James Allington
is a spine-tingling masterpiece.
Must be the guy who owned the place before.
Check this out.
James Allington, writer and inventor, disappeared in 1931
and was found dead one year later.
Murdered.
The secret room just to hide this?
Laced.
No, it's a classic.
They don't make them like this anymore.
That's because it's junkie.
I gotta go.
Later.
Yeah, later.
It was the night of the school Halloween dance.
The night when anything could happen.
And it did.
What is your name, princess?
Jennifer.
Good evening, Jennifer.
I am Count Shaw.
We danced for hours.
Nothing could have ruined the night.
And slowly, we moved to a dark corner of the room.
And with that fatal kiss, she will be mine forever.
Sure?
Yeah, I'm just being strange.
The nightmare last night.
Can you believe that I'm still having kids' nightmares?
Everybody does.
But this was, like, so real.
I was at the school dance and a vampire shows up.
Weird thing was, don't laugh.
The vampire was you.
So she saw a vampire movie on TV, thought of you,
put the two together and bingo.
Nightmare time.
But it was exactly what I wrote.
What are you trying to say?
You think she's some kind of mind reader?
No.
I don't know.
It's just weird.
I gotta do that story for English.
Do you use that?
Nah.
You know, I'm a last-minute kind of guy.
Okay.
One cold and foggy night.
Billy snuck into a crumbling old graveyard on a dare,
searching for the grave of Blind Paul.
He didn't believe the stories about the graveyard being haunted.
But he should have.
Billy never found his way out of the graveyard
and nobody ever discovered what happened to him.
As far as anyone knew,
there's Blind Paul resting below.
Yeah.
So here there's more on Snake, so stay right here.
It's very, very scary.
Don't come any closer, do you hear me?
Very, very scary.
Going somewhere, ladies.
All that's missing now is Vincent Price.
Thank you.
You're a must, Charlie.
The night before Halloween,
Nick at Night presents four episodes of Classic Frills,
Classic Chills, Classic TV.
Nick at Night is very, very scary.
Tonight starting at 10, 9 central, only on Nick at Night.
Here next, the new snap-together color-coded construction set.
Norm, I've just been describing our new deluxe television receiver.
Unless I miss my guess, you've got a batch of questions.
Nope, just one question.
How do they cram all that gram?
Uh-huh, into golden grams.
How do they cram all that gram cracker taste?
Into golden grams and still have room for the honey
that makes them mull yet.
Spectacular.
Golden grams are part of this complete breakfast.
One last question, Harold.
Yeah, my question.
How do they cram all that gram?
Hey, hey!
Colored with goosebumps biting your nails.
Guess you want more of sneak-scary tales.
Then the lid slammed that I was buried alive.
It was so real.
Talk about weird.
More than you know.
Does this sound familiar?
One cold and foggy night, Billy snuck into a crumbling old graveyard on a dare,
searching for the grave of...
Blind Paul? No way!
I'm not buying it.
Does this sound familiar?
Billy pounded on the clothes coffin and shouting,
no, let me out, help!
I think this is what happened to Jennifer, too.
I wrote it, and you guys dreamt it.
It's the typewriter.
That's why it was hidden.
It's got some kind of power.
Is that possible? Could this be a...
dream machine?
Oh, baby! This is like power!
Who said you want to get into first?
We gotta think about this.
What's the thing? We can terrorize everybody!
We can... whoa!
My mom's gonna kick my butt.
Listen, don't tell anybody about this, all right?
Don't worry, I don't want to get locked up.
Cool. Sean, my man, this is gonna be an amazing adventure.
Sweet dreams.
Jennifer?
Will you come with me to the most private place on Earth?
The most private place on Earth?
Your dream. Jennifer, do you remember that vampire nightmare you had?
Yeah.
I think I wrote it.
What do you mean?
Well, I made it up. Like I'm making this up right now.
This isn't real. It's a dream.
I'm creating for you with this.
I don't get it.
It's a dream machine.
If I type out a story about somebody, they'll dream it.
Are you familiar?
Anything I imagine can happen.
Hold out your hand.
It's wonderful, but it's scary.
I need to find out if it's true.
When I end this, I want you to call me, okay?
Okay.
The white cloud rose up around them, and the dream was over.
The end.
Bogus.
Let's turn them in.
This is it. Let me read this masterpiece.
The Halloween Dance by Sean Hackett.
It was the night of the school dance.
A night when anything could happen, and it did.
What is your name, princess?
What's going on? This is my dream.
I know it's a story I wrote, but...
But this is real. It's really happening.
We danced for hours. Nothing could have ruined the night.
Then slowly we moved to a dark corner of the room.
Hey, this is pretty good.
Sean, I'm scared. How is this happening?
It's the story.
Billy's reading it, and it's coming true just the way I wrote it.
Wait. If this is all coming true, that means...
The ball pyre opened his mouth, bearing his razor-sharp fangs.
Man, this is pretty gruesome.
What?
Hey, guys?
Whoa! What happened?
That wasn't a dream, was it?
We were really there, weren't we?
And I was going to bite you on the neck for real, wasn't I?
Guys, what is this?
I think we just discovered another feature of our little dream machine.
The Halloween dance by Sean Hagen.
Yo!
What does it mean?
It means that it isn't just a dream machine.
If we read a story written on this thing, it's going to come true.
So, if I didn't stop reading then...
I would have bitten Jennifer on the neck just like the story said.
This is too weird.
We have to tell somebody.
We have to...
Uh-oh.
What's the matter?
Guys, this isn't the only story I wrote.
Wait a minute.
What other story?
What?
You got to stop her.
I don't want to know.
Hey, I don't want to know.
Trapped by Sean Hackett.
It's not here!
It's got to be!
She must have it with her.
She's still here. Her car's outside.
Guys, if we don't find it, I'm...
It's nothing to a crumbling old graveyard on a dare.
Uh-uh.
He would.
Oh, no!
Where would she be?
She was here.
Come on.
Tried to escape with a strange shadow surrounding her.
Ghost of blind powers creeping closer and closer.
I'm not doing you that good mistake I can't give up.
When that story ends, Billy's going to...
The story.
The stories come true.
What are you doing?
I found this way out of the graveyard.
And nobody ever discovered what happened in it.
As far as anyone knew, the with blind powers...
Read it. Read it!
The typewriter stopped going and all the stories ever written on it never came true.
Welcome back, dude.
I don't know what you did, but you did it.
Sean wrote his best story yet.
Man, I say we trash that thing.
I don't think we have to worry about it anymore.
Is there something I can do for you?
That was great.
What happened to the...
Kiki?
What's it saying?
The headless warrior chased down each one of the midnight society one by one...
Until they were too tired to run.
Yeah, right.
999 nicotreet calls have been made.
That leaves one more call to go.
Will the winner be you?
Stay tuned.
And tomorrow, have Halloween with the Rugrats and Doug.
Two Nicktoon Halloween specials.
Starting at 8, 7 central.
Coming up now, you know, it's very, very scary.
Next time, Nick at Night.
This is Alfred Carr and Willis Green Seymour calling you from Nicotreet.
Do you know what you want?
A dark t-shirt and a $10 gift certificate for McDonald's.
What do you think of that?
What are you going to be for Halloween?
Halloween in India.
All right.
And where's the place that only kids win?
Oh, darkness, my old friend.
I've come to talk with you again.
It slips sliding.
Paul Simon, 1964, 1993.
30 years on three CDs.
You know the new destination.
It slips sliding.
It's a big world and there's a lot to know.